If you like tuna and tomato sauce, try combining the two, it’s really not as bad as it sounds.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
Mary plays the piano.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
The river stole the gods.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
Don't step on the broken glass.
He drank life before spitting it out.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
The old apple revels in its authority.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.
She discovered van life is difficult with two cats and a dog.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
The stranger officiates the meal.
There's a message for you if you look up.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
We have a lot of rain in June.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
Greetings from the real universe.
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.
She was too short to see over the fence.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
We have a lot of rain in June.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
